Title0:	Mumbai Coronavirus: Mumbai will be ‘safer’ by June 1 if no hitch in vaccination, no new variant

Article Summary:
Representative imageMUMBAI: A mathematical model analysing the reasons for the second Covid wave in the city and the future trends suggests that the rising graph of Covid fatalities will peak in the first week of May.
If the vaccination continues without a hitch, and there is no threat from a new variant, Mumbai may be in a position to open schools by July 1 or soon thereafter, it added.
Coronavirus: Live updatesThe ongoing second Covid wave affected 2.3 lakh Mumbaikars and claimed 1,479 lives in April alone.
As the crowds on roads and trains increased, the variant found a conducive environment to spread and create a ferocious second wave.
The scientists said that most factors blamed for the second wave, such as poor Covid-appropriate behavior, increased reinfections, and increased lethality in the virus, or combinations, by themselves do a poor job of matching the second wave pattern.


Article Keywords:
covid
trains
tifr
safer
spread
mumbai
variant
paper
vaccination
second
wave
soon
hitch
coronavirusTitle1:	Breaking news live updates: An earthquake of magnitude 3.7 on the Richter scale hits Sonitpur in Assam

Article Summary:
11:54 (IST) May 03Telangana former minister Eatala Rajender, who was removed from the cabinet on Sunday, said he was ready to quit MLA post, if CM thinks he won on car symbol in the elections.
Before announcing his decision on quitting MLA post, he would meet his constituency people and take their suggestions today.


Article Keywords:
suggestions
hits
earthquake
ready
live
breaking
thinks
assam
sonitpur
rajender
magnitude
symbol
today
mla
removed
post
updates
won
scale
richterTitle2:	12 things you should never do if you use online banking

Article Summary:
Online banking offers a fast and convenient way to make bill payments, transfer money and do other transactions.
Here are some of the biggest mistakes that you should not do while using your bank account online.
1 12 Do not use public Wi-Fi connection to do online banking transactions While doing online bank transactions, never use a public Wi-Fi for internet connection.
8 12 Do not keep easy passwords for online banking A weak password is easy to crack and more vulnerable.
9 12 Do not forget to change your online banking password regularly Changing bank-related passwords every three to four months guarantees safety and security to avoid falling victim to cyber criminals.


Article Keywords:
smartphone
banking
12
transactions
information
online
cyber
store
bank
things
shareTitle3:	Not possible to ramp up vaccine production overnight: SII CEO Adar Poonawala

Article Summary:
Amongst multiple reports it is important that correct information be shared with the public.
https://t.co/nzyOZwVBxH — Adar Poonawalla (@adarpoonawalla) 1620038138000NEW DELHI: Serum Institute of India (SII) CEO Adar Poonawala on Monday said it is not possible to ramp up vaccine production overnight.Amid the ferocious second wave gripping India, Poonawala said "vaccine manufacturing is a specialised process.
It is therefore, not possible to ramp up production overnight.
1732 50 Crore by Gol for the next tranche of 11 crore doses in the next few months.
""As of today, we received total orders of over 26 crore doses, of which we supplied more than 15 crore doses," he said.


Article Keywords:
sii
doses
possible
supplied
india
vaccine
serum
ceo
reports
adar
second
production
crore
ramp
overnight
poonawalaTitle4:	Can India vaccinate its way out of this surge?

Article Summary:
Read the full articleJoin us and get access to insightful, multimedia storytelling like you have never seen before.


Article Keywords:
seen
vaccinate
way
multimedia
india
articlejoin
storytelling
access
read
insightful
surgeTitle5:	ICMR: Covaxin found to be effective against Brazilian variant of virus too

Article Summary:
Covid-19: Covaxin effective against Brazilian variant, says ICMRHYDERABAD: The indigenously developed Covaxin is capable of fighting the Brazilian variant too, according to the latest study on Covid-19 vaccine .
They found that individuals after receiving two doses of Covaxin had their immunity boosted against the Brazilian variant.The Brazilian variant, which was earlier assigned the technical name, B.1.1.248, is now reclassified as B.1.128.2.
The double mutant makes up about five to 10 per cent of cases in the two Telugu states.
The result of the study was published in preprint server BioRxiv.Researchers say although some of the vaccines seem to be effective against the UK variant, the efficacy of them against the South African variant has been demonstrated to be less efficacious.
A vaccine that uses an inactivation platform has been reported to be 50.7% efficacious from Brazil, where the B.1.1.28.2 variant is more prevalent.


Article Keywords:
icmr
covaxin
virus
double
vaccine
brazilian
b11282
mutant
variant
effective
infection
natural
ukTitle6:	IPL 2021: 3 CSK members test positive, then negative: BCCI needs to take a hard call on IPL

Article Summary:
— KolkataKnightRiders (@KKRiders) 1620029856000UPDATE: IPL reschedules today's #KKRvRCB match after two KKR players test positive.
"What if positive tests are being concluded as negative?
The medical officer of the BCCI needs to be questioned on the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) that were put in place.
Here are some…* The IPL has to stop unless the BCCI thinks it’s more important than the safety of players and everybody else involved.
Now it’s reached a stage where the world is saying the T20 World Cup needs to be shifted.


Article Keywords:
needs
tests
ipl
positive
csk
negative
members
test
match
kkr
theres
shift
bangalore
bcci
2021
hard
casesTitle7:	N7X SUV concept: N7X SUV concept India: Honda N7X SUV concept showcased, may arrive in India

Article Summary:
JAKARTA: Honda Cars have showcased its first-ever 7-seater SUV in the Indonesian market.Codenamed N7X (New 7 Seater eXcitement), Honda says the concept was developed as a car that combines a pleasant driving experience and premium comfort.The Japanese carmaker may consider production-spec N7X for the Indian market, especially after the BR-V was phased out.
In that case, the 7-seater Honda would lock horns with Tata Safari and Hyundai Alcazar The carmaker hasn’t revealed much about N7X, however, it is based on the same platform as the new City, and is likely to pack the 1.5-litre petrol (CVT/manual) for the Asian market.The N7X concept car was designed and developed by Honda R&D Asia Pacific based on extensive studies from consumers in various countries, including Indonesia.This concept car adopts the various advantages of the Multi-Purpose Vehicle (MPV) and Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV) to create a complete 7-seater car for use in various road conditions.
Offering the delightful driving performance typical of Honda, the N7X Concept combines the premium comfort and spaciousness typical of an MPV with the toughness and style of an SUV.From the outside, the N7X Concept features a sleek body with sharp lines, a sturdy hood and large tires to complete its strong yet elegant appearance.
Dedicated to the X-generation family, this concept car is designed to provide pride and joy to its users, while promoting a lifestyle that is balanced between personal activities and family togetherness.Takehiro Watanabe, President Director of PT Honda Prospect Motor said, “The N7X is our concept of what a 7-seater car should be, which not only offers pleasant driving performance but also the serenity and comfort of a premium car for all occupants.
We are very proud to make Indonesia the first in the world to introduce the N7X Concept, a concept that will redefine the categories of cars and driving pleasure."


Article Keywords:
vehicle
arrive
driving
india
premium
showcased
suv
concept
7seater
typical
car
honda
various
n7xTitle8:	Discussions on with Indian govt for expedited approval of Covid-19 vaccine: Pfizer